[Word] (import template) Convert to unified manifest (#971)
OfficeDev/Office-Add-in-samples: Samples/word-import-template/README.md

1. Download the **word-import-template.zip** file from this sample to a folder on your computer.
1. Sideload the add-in manifest in Word by following the appropriate instructions in the article [Sideload Office Add-ins that use the unified manifest for Microsoft 365](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/testing/sideload-add-in-with-unified-manifest).
1. Follow the steps in [Try it out](#try-it-out) to test the sample.

### Use localhost

If you prefer to host the web server on localhost, follow these steps.

1. Clone or download this repository.
1. From a command prompt, go to the root of the project folder **/samples/word-import-template**.
1. Run the following commands.

    ```console
    npm install
    ```

    ```console
    npm start
    ```

    This starts the web server on localhost and sideloads the **manifest.json** file to Word.

1. Follow the steps in [Try it out](#try-it-out) to test the sample.

1. To stop the web server and uninstall the add-in from Word, run the following command.

    ```console
    npm stop
    ```

### Use Microsoft Azure

> You can deploy this sample with the unified manifest to Microsoft Azure using the Teams Toolkit extension in Visual Studio Code.

Reviewer: Should this be changed to the new tool name?

```suggestion
You can deploy this sample with the unified manifest to Microsoft Azure using the Microsoft 365 Agents Toolkit extension in Visual Studio Code.
```

> 1. In Visual Studio Code, go to the activity bar, then open the Teams Toolkit extension.

Reviewer: Same here and throughout the file. "Teams Toolkit" should be "Microsoft 365 Agents Toolkit"

Author: ```suggestion
1. In Visual Studio Code, go to the activity bar, then open the Microsoft 365 Agents Toolkit extension.
```
